I have never worked in the private sector, but I can into it a couple
things, the camaraderie that comes with being in the military. And while
it said probably, Well, we might be talking about the public sector
more broadly, my experiences in the military. So that's what I'm
gonna lean on. You build a lot of camaraderie in the military, and
that may occur in the private sector, but I think it's less likely
to happen. Uh, you don't necessarily. I mean, some of the greatest friendships
I have I developed over the years or with people that I worked
with and Japan especially, and the people you work with are the
people you play with two s o. So, you know, and that's that's kind
of unique. Um, I'm not sure that's the case in the private, the private
sector. You might have friends that you work with, Uh, but you
don't have the same camaraderie and report you don't. You might not
have the same sense of purpose. You saw purpose. Perhaps not the same
sense of purpose that you develop. Uh, I think I think one of the
one of the ideas affecting is affecting This is the is the expected
conformity that comes with being in the military. No, You're expected
to think a lot of the same things. Um, and you know that I think that
might go a long way to explaining some of this some of this camaraderie.